Update meta descriptions for 25 most popular Learn pages (#1370)
astronomer/docs: learn/airflow-passing-data-between-tasks.md

---
title: "Passing data between Airflow tasks"
sidebar_label: "Passing data between tasks"
id: airflow-passing-data-between-tasks
---

<head>

>   <meta name="description" content="Learn more about the most commonly used methods to implement data sharing between your Airflow tasks, including an in-depth explanation of XCom." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="description" content="Learn more about the most common methods to implement data sharing between your Airflow tasks, including an in-depth explanation of XCom." />
```

>   <meta name="og:description" content="Learn more about the most commonly used methods to implement data sharing between your Airflow tasks, including an in-depth explanation of XCom." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn more about the most common methods to implement data sharing between your Airflow tasks, including an in-depth explanation of XCom." />
```
